README.md, before:

Experiments with plane-filling curves and Fourier transform
===========================================================

A set of visual experiments: applying Fourier transform to various plane-filling curves.

![Sample results](media/curves-fft-sample.png)

Running
-------

To generate images, run:
```` sh
$ python fft_experiments.py
````
Or just
```` sh
$ make
````

To change parameters, edit the file fft_experiments.py.


Requirements
------------

Python 3, pillow, numpy.


Tests
-----
Some tests are present. Run
```` sh
$ make test
````
to execute them.


# Scaling the recursion depth

## Hilbert Curve

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-13.png)

## Hilbert Pattern

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-13.png)

## Dragon Curve

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-13.png)

## Gosper Diagram

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-13.png)

Commit message:

[feature] Heuristically show the shape in the Hilbert curve FT to be a circle with L^4 distance

README.md, after:

Experiments with plane-filling curves and Fourier transform
===========================================================

A set of visual experiments: applying Fourier transform to various plane-filling curves.

![Sample results](media/curves-fft-sample.png)

Running
-------

To generate images, run:
```` sh
$ python fft_experiments.py
````
Or just
```` sh
$ make
````

To change parameters, edit the file fft_experiments.py.


Requirements
------------

Python 3, pillow, numpy.


Tests
-----
Some tests are present. Run
```` sh
$ make test
````
to execute them.

# Analyzing the shape appearing in the Fourier transform of the Hilbert curve

![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-13-p-norms.png)


# Scaling the recursion depth

## Hilbert Curve

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-curve-order-13.png)

## Hilbert Pattern

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-inverted-hilbert-pattern-order-13.png)

## Dragon Curve

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-dragon-diagram-13.png)

## Gosper Diagram

Depth  | FFT
-------|--------------
0      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-0.png)
1      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-1.png)
2      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-2.png)
3      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-3.png)
4      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-4.png)
5      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-5.png)
6      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-6.png)
7      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-7.png)
8      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-8.png)
9      | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-9.png)
10     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-10.png)
11     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-11.png)
12     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-12.png)
13     | ![](media/fft-gosper-diagram-13.png)
